com/example/bookcatalog/databinding/FragmentFeedBinding.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.databinding.FragmentFeedBinding
com/example/bookcatalog/databinding/ActivityBookDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.databinding.ActivityBookDetailsBinding
com/example/bookcatalog/room/FavoriteBooksDatabase.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.room.FavoriteBooksDatabase
 com.example.bookcatalog.room.FavoriteBooksDatabase$1
com/example/bookcatalog/databinding/FragmentFavoritesBinding.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.databinding.FragmentFavoritesBinding
com/example/bookcatalog/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.BuildConfig
com/example/bookcatalog/databinding/BookRvItemBinding.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.databinding.BookRvItemBinding
com/example/bookcatalog/views/activities/BookDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.activities.BookDetailsActivity
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.activities.BookDetailsActivity$1
com/example/bookcatalog/retrofit/IBookService.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.retrofit.IBookService
com/example/bookcatalog/models/BookShelfModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookShelfModel
com/example/bookcatalog/models/BookPriceInfoModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookPriceInfoModel
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookPriceInfoModel$1
com/example/bookcatalog/utils/AppConstants.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.utils.AppConstants
com/example/bookcatalog/repository/BooksRepository.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.BooksRepository
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.BooksRepository$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.BooksRepository$InsertFavoriteBookAsyncTask
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.BooksRepository$RemoveFavoriteBookAsyncTask
com/example/bookcatalog/room/BookTableDAO.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.room.BookTableDAO
com/example/bookcatalog/views/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.activities.MainActivity
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.activities.MainActivity$1
com/example/bookcatalog/room/BookTable.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.room.BookTable
com/example/bookcatalog/views/fragments/FavoritesFragment.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment$2
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment$2$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment$3
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment$4
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FavoritesFragment$5
com/example/bookcatalog/views/fragments/FeedFragment.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FeedFragment
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FeedFragment$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FeedFragment$2
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FeedFragment$2$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FeedFragment$3
 com.example.bookcatalog.views.fragments.FeedFragment$4
com/example/bookcatalog/repository/AllBooksDataSourceFactory.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.AllBooksDataSourceFactory
com/example/bookcatalog/viewmodels/BooksViewModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.viewmodels.BooksViewModel
com/example/bookcatalog/models/BookInfoModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookInfoModel
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookInfoModel$1
com/example/bookcatalog/models/BookSaleInfoModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookSaleInfoModel
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookSaleInfoModel$1
com/example/bookcatalog/adapters/FeedBooksAdapter.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FeedBooksAdapter
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$FeedBooksViewHolder
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$FeedBooksViewHolder$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$IBookClicked
com/example/bookcatalog/adapters/FavoriteBooksAdapter.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FavoriteBooksAdapter
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FavoriteBooksAdapter$FavoritesViewHolder
 com.example.bookcatalog.adapters.FavoriteBooksAdapter$IBookClicked
com/example/bookcatalog/repository/AllBooksDataSource.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.AllBooksDataSource
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.AllBooksDataSource$1
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.AllBooksDataSource$2
 com.example.bookcatalog.repository.AllBooksDataSource$3
com/example/bookcatalog/models/BookCoverLinksModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookCoverLinksModel
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookCoverLinksModel$1
com/example/bookcatalog/retrofit/BooksServiceClient.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.retrofit.BooksServiceClient
com/example/bookcatalog/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/bookcatalog/models/BookModel.java
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookModel
 com.example.bookcatalog.models.BookModel$1
